chore: release v0.5.3 (#67)
luminartech/simple_someip: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## [0.5.3](https://github.com/luminartech/simple_someip/compare/v0.5.2...v0.5.3) - 2026-04-15

### Other

- linting
- Add IP Validation and removed magic numbers.
- Address Copilot comments 9 and 10 on PR #66
- be more explicit in naming conventions
- Add more comprehensive round-trip SD testing
- Add exhaustive unit testing for new functionality
- PR Fixes:  Clarify doc on register_subscriber, allow removal of subs

> - Unify SD across multiple server offers without conflict, HBs flow nicely

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Unify Service Discover across multiple server offers without conflict, HBs flow nicely
- Add a lot of robustness through unit testing and input validation.
```
